<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
<h:head>
    <title>Registration Status</title>
</h:head>
<h:body>

    <h:panelGroup rendered="#{cookie['lang'].value == 'de_DE'}">
        <div style="margin: 50px">
            <h1> Impressum </h1>

            <p>
                <span class="dw-websites" style="height: 8px; width: 12px; margin-right: 5px; display: inline-block;"> </span>
                <span style="display: inline-block;">SciSerTec GbR</span> <br/>
                Science, Service and Technologies <br/>
                Dr. Daniel Wicke<br/>
                Hildesheimer Str. 84<br/>
                D-30169 Hannover<br/><br/>
                E-Mail: <a href="mailto:team@scisertec.de">team@scisertec.de</a> <br/><br/>
                Umsatzsteuer-ID.-Nr.: DE286316494
            </p>
            <br/>
            <p>
                <b>Haftungshinweis:</b> Trotz sorgf&auml;ltiger inhaltlicher Kontrolle &uuml;bernehmen wir keine Haftung f&uuml;r die
                Inhalte externer Links. F&uuml;r den Inhalt der verlinkten Webseiten sind ausschlie&szlig;lich deren Betreiber verantwortlich.
            </p><br/>

            <p>
                <b>Haftungsausschluss:</b> Wir &uuml;bernehmen keine Haftung f&uuml;r Sch&auml;den, die im Zusammenhang mit jeglicher Nutzung der
                Webseiten entstehen. Die Inhalte werden nach M&ouml;glichkeit regelm&auml;&szlig;ig &uuml;berpr&uuml;ft und auf einen aktuellen Stand
                gebracht, eine Gew&auml;hr f&uuml;r die Korrektheit kann aber nicht &uuml;bernommen werden.
            </p><br/>

            <p>
                <b>Verwendung von Daten:</b> Die im Impressum und unter Kontakt angegebenen Kontaktdaten sind ausschlie&szlig;lich zur
                Kontaktaufnahme bez&uuml;glich inhaltlicher und rechtlicher Themen gedacht. Die Verwendung dieser Daten f&uuml;r
                werbende Zwecke wird ausdr&uuml;cklich untersagt.
            </p><br/>
        </div>
    </h:panelGroup>

    <h:panelGroup rendered="#{cookie['lang'].value == 'en_GB'}">
        <div style="margin: 50px">
        <h1> Imprint </h1>
        <p>
            <span class="dw-websites" style="height: 8px; width: 12px; margin-right: 5px; display: inline-block;"> </span>
            <span style="display: inline-block;">SciSerTec GbR</span> <br/>
            Science, Service and Technologies<br/>
            Dr. Daniel Wicke<br/>
            Hildesheimer Str. 84<br/>
            D-30169 Hannover, Germany<br/><br/>
            E-Mail: <a href="mailto:team@vcongress.de">team@vcongress.de</a><br/><br/>
            Umsatzsteuer-ID.-Nr.: DE286316494
        </p>
        <br/>
        <p>
            <b>Disclosure of Liability:</b> Although the contents of these websites are strictly controlled, we are not liable
            for the contents of external links. Responsibility for the contents of liked websites resides solely with those who
            have established and are operating the linked websites.
            </p><br/>
        <p>
            <b>Liability exclusion:</b> We accept no liability for any damage that may be incurred in connection with use of
            these websites. The contents are screened and updated as regularly as possible, however, no liability or guarantee
            for the accuracy of the information can be assumed.
            </p><br/>
        <p>
            <b>Use of data:</b> The contact information listed in the appendix, under contact information and on the remaining
            sites are only intended to be used for establishing contact regarding the contents or legal issues pertaining to
            the contents of these sites. Use of these data for advertising purposes is expressly forbidden.
            </p><br/>
        </div>'
    </h:panelGroup>
</h:body>
</html>