<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
<h:head>
    <title>Manual</title>
    <style type="text/css">

        h3 {
            margin-left: 20px;
            font-size: 14px;
        }

        h4 {
            margin-left: 40px;
            font-size: 12px;
        }

        h2 {
            font-size: 16px;
        }


    </style>
</h:head>
<h:body>

<h:panelGroup rendered="#{cookie['lang'].value == 'en_GB'}" id="top_manual_en">
    <div style="margin: 50px">
        <h2>Short User's Manual vCongress for Congress Participants</h2>
        or download the document as PDF ->
        <a href="faces/view/content/pdf/Manual_vCongress.pdf" target="_blank">PDF</a>
        <br/><br/><br/>
        <h2>Contents</h2> <br/>
        <h2><a href="#manual1_en">1. INTRODUCTION</a></h2> <br/>
        <h2><a href="#manual2_en">2. GENERAL INFORMATION</a></h2>
        <h3><a href="#manual2_1_en">2.1 Languages</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual2_2_en">2.2 Contact details, legal notice, general terms of conditions</a></h3> <br/>
        <h2><a href="#manual3_en">3. VCONGRESS - GENERAL FUNCTIONS</a></h2>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_1_en">3.1 Registration</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_2_en">3.2 Password Recovery</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_3_en">3.3 Logout</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_4_en">3.4 Status Overview</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_5_en">3.5 Menu</a></h3> <br/>
        <h2><a href="#manual4_en">4. VCONGRESS - DETAILED FUNCTIONS</a></h2>
        <h3><a href="#manual4_1_en">4.1 Edit Data</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual4_2_en">4.2 Registration for congress</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual4_3_en">4.3 Payment</a></h3>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_3_1_en">4.3.1 PayPal</a></h4>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_3_2_en">4.3.2 Bank transfer</a></h4>
        <h3><a href="#manual4_4_en">4.4 Upload abstract</a></h3>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_4_1_en">4.4.1 Create authors</a></h4>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_4_2_en">4.4.2 Heading and body</a></h4>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_4_3_en">4.4.3 Further tabs</a></h4>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_4_4_en">4.4.4 Submit abstract</a></h4>

        <br/><br/><br/>

        <h2 id="manual1_en">1. Introduction</h2>
        <p>
            vCongress is a management tool which shall simplify the registration for and the organisation of a congress. By clicking the link provided on the respective congress website, vCongress opens up in a new browser tab. The tool has been developed according to state-of-the-art technologies and to latest security standards.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h2 id="manual2_en">2. General information</h2>
        <h3 id="manual2_1_en">2.1 Languages</h3>
        <p>
            vCongress can be provided in several languages. If it is requested by the organizer, you will get the chance to choose between several languages. Buttons for the language selection can be found in the upper left corner of the site.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual2_2_en">2.2 Contact details, legal notice, general terms and conditions</h3>
        <p>
            In the lower right-hand corner, you find the links of <span style="text-decoration: underline;">contact details</span>,
            <span style="text-decoration: underline;">legal notice</span>, and the
            <span style="text-decoration: underline;">general terms and conditions</span> of vCongress. In the section “contact details”, you can get in touch with the team
            of vCongress, which will answer your questions and will assist you with the handling of vCongress tool.
            Questions of substance concerning the congress are to be addressed to the organizer.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>

        <br/><br/>

        <h2 id="manual3_en">3. vCongress - general functions</h2>
        <h3 id="manual3_1_en">3.1 Registration</h3>
        <p>
            First of all, you create an account for vCongress by filling out the registration form thoroughly.
            Please note that every field needs to be filled out and therefore, each one is a mandatory field.
            After having filled out the registration form, you can log into vCongress with your access data
            at any time. After your successful registration to vCongress, you will get a confirmation e-mail.
            Please check if you actually receive this confirmation e-mail of <a href="mailto:support@vcongress.de">support@vcongress.de</a>, because
            important information of the congress is sent to you via e-mail.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual3_2_en">3.2 Password Recovery</h3>
        <p>
            If you have forgotten your access password, you can ask for a new one which will be sent to you
            via e-mail.<br/>
            To get a new password, go to the welcome page and click the button <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Login</span>. A new window
            opens up and you click on the button saying <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Password Recovery</span>. In this section, you can type in
            your e-mail address which you used for registration. After that, you receive a new password.<br/>
            Further advice concerning common questions is provided in the section "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)".
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual3_3_en">3.3 Logout</h3>
        <p>
            You can log off next to your name you are registered with in vCongress which is shown in the upper right-hand corner.
            For reasons of safety, please use the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">logout-button</span> every time you leave your PC, so that no unauthorised
            third party can access your data.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual3_4_en">3.4 Status overview</h3>
        <p>
            After your login to vCongress, you can see your progress in the status overview e.g. concerning
            the registration or the submission of your abstract.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual3_5_en">3.5 Menu</h3>
        <p>
            At the top of the website, you find the menu which is used to access all the other sites of vCongress.
            The <span style="text-decoration: underline;">home-button</span> always leads you back to the site of your status overview.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>

        <br/><br/>

        <h2 id="manual4_en">4. vCongress - detailed functions</h2>
        <h3 id="manual4_1_en">4.1 Edit data</h3>
        <p>
            You can edit and amend your personal data by clicking the button <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Edit Data</span>. Your password and your contact e-mail
            address can also be changed this way. Please make sure that you receive e-mails by <a href="mailto:support@vcongress.de">support@vcongress.de</a>,
            as important information about the congress is sent via e-mail. By using the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">tabs</span> above the
            display area, you can select each window in which your data can be amended.
        </p>
        <p>
            There is a noteworthiness related to the e-mail address shown in the tab "Contact". This e-mail address
            is not in accordance with the e-mail address you registered with to vCongress, but simply serves as a
            contact address. The change of the e-mail address used for registration is not possible.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual4_2_en">4.2 Registration for congress</h3>
        <p>
            Please note that you are bindingly signed up for the congress after your registration to vCongress.
            By registering in time, you receive all the potential early booking discounts. In the second step,
            you choose a status for the congress and afterwards, you can pay the respective fees of the congress.
        </p>
        <p>
            By clicking the button <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Choose Status</span>, you can select a category for the participation in the congress.
            If applicable, you get the chance to add "Workshops" or "Social Programs" which are offered by the organizer.
            Please use the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">tabs</span> above the display area to go to each item. You can check your progress concerning the
            congress registration at any time on the right side next to the input field. All the events which are
            subject to charge are summarized to one sum in your shopping cart (on the payment page). Accordingly,
            please make sure that you fill out all mandatory fields.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual4_3_en">4.3 Payment</h3>
        <p>
            After having signed up for the congress and having selected a category for the participation in the congress,
            you have to pay the fees of the congress. This can be done by clicking the button <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Make Payment</span>. In this section,
            you are also able to download your invoice as PDF file.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_3_1_en">4.3.1 PayPal</h4>
        <p>
            The payment is generally carried out by the external provider PayPal to whose homepage you are forwarded. This
            has the advantage that the payment is processed immediately and can be checked in vCongress. With PayPal,
            you have the options to use an already existing account, to create a new one or to carry out a one-time
            payment without registering to PayPal.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_3_2_en">4.3.2 Bank transfer</h4>
        <p>
            In some cases, it is also possible to carry the payment out via bank transfer. These bank transfers have
            to be discretely checked by the organizer. Afterwards, the status has to be changed by the organizer
            from "not paid" to "paid" in vCongress. It may take several days until the accurate status is shown in
            your status overview after the login.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual4_4_en">4.4 Upload abstract</h3>
        <p>
            If you click the button <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Abstract</span>, you have the chance to upload an abstract. As the submission
            of an abstract is arranged individually depending on the congress, universally valid information about
            this process cannot be given. In the following, you find some general advice, how the submission
            is done. On the right next to the input field, you can check your progress concerning the
            submission of your abstract at any time. Correctly stored data is marked by a green
            check mark. The navigation is done by using the different <span style="text-decoration: underline;">tabs</span> which include
            sections such as <span style="text-decoration: underline;">authors</span>,
            <span style="text-decoration: underline;">abstract</span>, <span style="text-decoration: underline;">title and body</span> etc.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_4_1_en">4.4.1 Create authors</h4>
        <p>
            By clicking the button <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Add Author</span>, you can add one or several authors. Please save the data of each
            author after its creation. You can delete authors at any time. Authors appear on the
            abstract in the succession you type them into vCongress.
        </p>
        <p>
            Please note that authors are only assembled under one number on the final abstract if
            the institutes are exactly identical.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_4_2_en">4.4.2 Title and Body</h4>
        <p>
            In the next tab, you can type in the title and the abstract’s text. Please save the data after the
            input. Data can be saved automatically in some tabs. When a green check mark appears in your checklist
            next to the input field, the data is saved correctly.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_4_3_en">4.4.3 Further tabs</h4>
        <p>
            It is possible that there are further tabs which contain additional information, such as the selection
            of a session, the selection whether you submit as a poster or as a talk, the declaration of
            references, pictures or charts, the selection of key words which shall be saved with your
            abstract and so on. These further tabs are demanded individually by the organizer
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_4_4_en">4.4.4 Submit abstract</h4>
        <p>
            After having typed in all the information correctly and having checked its accuracy (you can print out
            a PDF file of the abstract), you can submit the abstract (“submit”). After this step, no changes
            can be made with regard to the abstract. Please note that the abstract has to be submitted, so that
            it becomes visible for the organizer and the reviewer. If it is not submitted, it is considered
            as not submitted and will not be taken into account in the congress. By clicking the button
            <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Abstract</span>, you can review the status of your abstracts.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_en">back to content</a>
        </p>

        <br/><br/><br/>
        <p>
            We will be happy to assist you with any further questions.
        </p>
        <p>
            Your vCongress-Team
        </p>
    </div>

</h:panelGroup>

<h:panelGroup rendered="#{cookie['lang'].value == 'de_DE'}" id="top_manual_de">
    <div style="margin: 50px">
        <h2>Kurzes Benutzerhandbuch vCongress f&uuml;r Kongressteilnehmer</h2>
        oder Sie laden sich das Dokument als PDF herunter ->
        <a href="faces/view/content/pdf/Benutzerhandbuch_vCongress.pdf" target="_blank">PDF</a>
        <br/><br/><br/>
        <h2>Inhaltsverzeichnis</h2> <br/>
        <h2><a href="#manual1_de">1. EINLEITUNG</a></h2> <br/>
        <h2><a href="#manual2_de">2. ALLGEMEINES</a></h2>
        <h3><a href="#manual2_1_de">2.1 Sprachen</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual2_2_de">2.2 Kontakt, Impressum, AGBs</a></h3> <br/>
        <h2><a href="#manual3_de">3. VCONGRESS - ALLGEMEINE FUNKTIONEN</a></h2>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_1_de">3.1 Anmelden</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_2_de">3.2 Passwort vergessen</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_3_de">3.3 Logout</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_4_de">3.4 Status&uuml;bersicht</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual3_5_de">3.5 Men&uuml;</a></h3> <br/>
        <h2><a href="#manual4_de">4. VCONGRESS - DETAILLIERTE FUNKTIONEN</a></h2>
        <h3><a href="#manual4_1_de">4.1 Daten bearbeiten</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual4_2_de">4.2 Anmeldung zum Kongress</a></h3>
        <h3><a href="#manual4_3_de">4.3 Bezahlen</a></h3>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_3_1_de">4.3.1 PayPal</a></h4>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_3_2_de">4.3.2 Bank&uuml;berweisung</a></h4>
        <h3><a href="#manual4_4_de">4.4 Abstract hochladen</a></h3>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_4_1_de">4.4.1 Autoren erstellen</a></h4>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_4_2_de">4.4.2 Titel und Body</a></h4>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_4_3_de">4.4.3 Weitere Reiter</a></h4>
        <h4><a href="#manual4_4_4_de">4.4.4 Abstract Submitten</a></h4>

        <br/><br/><br/>

        <h2 id="manual1_de">1. Einleitung</h2>
        <p>
            vCongress ist ein Management Tool, welches die Anmeldung und die Organisation eines Kongresses vereinfachen
            soll. vCongress &ouml;ffnet sich in einem neuen Browserfenster nach dem Anklicken des
            Links auf der jeweiligen Kongresswebseite. Das Tool ist nach dem neuesten Stand der Informationstechnik
            und Sicherheit entwickelt.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h2 id="manual2_de">2. Allgemeines</h2>
        <h3 id="manual2_1_de">2.1 Sprachen</h3>
        <p>
            vCongress kann in mehreren Sprachen angeboten werden. Wenn dies vom Veranstalter gew&uuml;nscht ist, haben
            Sie die M&ouml;glichkeit zwischen verschiedenen Sprachen zu w&auml;hlen. Die Buttons zur Auswahl der Sprache
            befinden sich in der linken oberen Ecke der Seite.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual2_2_de">2.2 Kontakt, Impressum, AGBs</h3>
        <p>
            In der unteren rechten Ecke finden Sie Links zum <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Kontakt</span>,
            <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Impressum</span> und den Allgemeinen
            Gesch&auml;ftsbedingungen (<span style="text-decoration: underline;">AGB</span>) von vCongress. Unter Kontakt erreichen Sie das vCongress Team,
            welches Ihnen telefonisch und per E-Mail M&ouml;glichkeiten f&uuml;r Fragen bietet und andere
            Hilfestellungen zum vCongress Tool zur Verf&uuml;gung stellt. Inhaltliche Fragen zum
            Kongress richten Sie bitte direkt an die Veranstalter.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>

        <br/><br/>

        <h2 id="manual3_de">3. vCongress - allgemeine Funktionen</h2>
        <h3 id="manual3_1_de">3.1 Anmelden</h3>
        <p>
            Als erstes richten Sie sich einen Account f&uuml;r vCongress ein, indem Sie das Registrierungsformular vollst&auml;ndig ausf&uuml;llen.
            Beachten Sie, dass alle Felder ausgef&uuml;llt werden m&uuml;ssen und daher Pflichtfelder sind. Danach k&ouml;nnen Sie
            sich jederzeit wieder mit Ihren, bei der Registrierung, angelegten Zugangsdaten bei vCongress anmelden.
            Nach erfolgreicher Anmeldung bei vCongress erhalten Sie eine Best&auml;tigungsemail. Bitte &uuml;berpr&uuml;fen Sie,
            ob diese E-Mail von <a href="mailto:support@vcongress.de">support@vcongress.de</a>e bei Ihnen eingeht,
            da &uuml;ber E-Mail wichtige Kongressinformationen versandt werden.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual3_2_de">3.2 Passwort vergessen</h3>
        <p>
            Falls Sie das Passwort f&uuml;r Ihren Zugang vergessen haben sollten, k&ouml;nnen Sie sich ein
            neues Passwort per E-Mail zuschicken lassen.<br/>
            Dazu klicken Sie auf der Startseite bitte auf den <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Button Anmelden</span>. In dem daraufhin
            erscheinenden Fenster klicken Sie bitte auf den Schriftzug "Passwort vergessen". Dort k&ouml;nnen
            Sie Ihre E-Mail Adresse, mit der Sie sich angemeldet haben, eintragen und erhalten ein neues Passwort.<br/>
            Weitere Hilfen zu Fragen finden Sie auch im "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)" Bereich.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual3_3_de">3.3 Logout</h3>
        <p>
            Rechts oben in der Ecke neben Ihrem Namen, mit dem Sie in vCongress registriert sind, k&ouml;nnen Sie
            sich wieder ausloggen. Bitte nutzen Sie aus Sicherheitsgr&uuml;nden immer den
            <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Logout-Button</span>, wenn Sie Ihren
            PC verlassen, damit kein unbefugter Dritter auf Ihre Daten zugreifen kann.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual3_4_de">3.4 Status&uuml;bersicht</h3>
        <p>
            Nach dem Einloggen in vCongress sehen Sie in der Status&uuml;bersicht, wie weit Sie z.B. mit der Registrierung
            f&uuml;r den Kongress oder der Einreichung des Abstracts fortgeschritten sind.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual3_5_de">3.5 Men&uuml;</h3>
        <p>
            Ganz oben haben Sie das Men&uuml;, von dem aus Sie auf alle anderen Seiten in vCongress gelangen.
            Der <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Home-Button</span> f&uuml;hrt Sie immer wieder auf Ihre Statusseite zur&uuml;ck.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>

        <br/><br/>

        <h2 id="manual4_de">4. vCongress - detaillierte Funktionen</h2>
        <h3 id="manual4_1_de">4.1 Daten bearbeiten</h3>
        <p>
            &Uuml;ber den Button <span style="text-decoration: underline">Bearbeiten</span> k&ouml;nnen Sie Ihre pers&ouml;nlichen Daten erg&auml;nzen oder &auml;ndern.
            Auch Ihr Passwort oder Ihre E-Mailadresse kann hier ggf. angepasst werden. Bitte &uuml;berpr&uuml;fen Sie,
            dass Sie E-Mails von <a href="mailto:support@vcongress.de">support@vcongress.de</a> erhalten, da hier&uuml;ber auch wichtige Kongressinformationen
            versandt werden. &Uuml;ber die <span style="text-decoration: underline">Reiter</span> oberhalb des Ansichtsbereichs k&ouml;nnen Sie die einzelnen Fenster
            ausw&auml;hlen, in denen Sie die Daten dann &auml;ndern k&ouml;nnen.
        </p>
        <p>
            Eine Besonderheit besteht bei der E-Mail Adresse unter dem Reiter "Kontakt". Diese Adresse entspricht
            nicht der E-Mail Adresse, mit der Sie sich bei vCongress anmelden, sondern dient nur als Kontaktadresse.
            Das &Auml;ndern der Anmelde E-Mail Adresse ist nicht m&ouml;glich.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual4_2_de">4.2 Anmeldung zum Kongress</h3>
        <p>
            Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie nach der Registrierung f&uuml;r vCongress verbindlich f&uuml;r den Kongress angemeldet sind.
            Eventuelle Fr&uuml;hbucherrabatte haben Sie sich mit der rechtzeitigen Anmeldung in vCongress gesichert. In einem
            zweiten Schritt w&auml;hlen Sie einen Status f&uuml;r den Kongress aus und k&ouml;nnen im Anschluss die entsprechenden
            Kongressgeb&uuml;hren bezahlen. <br/>

        </p>
        <p>
            &Uuml;ber den Button <span style="text-decoration: underline">Teilnehmerstatus</span> w&auml;hlen Sie eine Kongressteilnahmekategorie aus.  Gegebenenfalls haben Sie weiterhin
            die M&ouml;glichkeit "Workshops" oder "Social Programs", die vom Veranstalter angeboten werden, hinzuzuf&uuml;gen.
            Bitte navigieren Sie zu den einzelnen Posten &uuml;ber die <span style="text-decoration: underline">Reiter</span> oberhalb des Ansichtsbereichs. Rechts
            neben dem Eingabefeld k&ouml;nnen Sie jederzeit Ihren Fortschritt bei der Anmeldung f&uuml;r den Kongress
            &uuml;berpr&uuml;fen. Alle kostenpflichtigen Veranstaltungen werden zu einer Summe in Ihrem Warenkorb
            (auf der <span style="text-decoration: underline">Bezahlseite</span>) zusammengefasst. Bitte achten Sie darauf, dass Sie alle Felder
            entsprechend ausf&uuml;llen.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual4_3_de">4.3 Bezahlen</h3>
        <p>
            Nachdem Sie sich f&uuml;r den Kongress angemeldet und eine Kongressteilnahmekategorie ausgew&auml;hlt haben, m&uuml;ssen Sie die
            Kongressgeb&uuml;hren bezahlen. Dies k&ouml;nnen Sie &uuml;ber den Button <span style="text-decoration: underline">Bezahlen</span> t&auml;tigen. Hier k&ouml;nnen Sie
            sich auch Ihre Rechnung als PDF-Datei herunterladen.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_3_1_de">4.3.1 PayPal</h4>
        <p>
            Im Regelfall l&auml;uft die Bezahlung &uuml;ber den externen Anbieter PayPal, auf dessen Seite Sie weitergeleitet werden.
            Dies hat den Vorteil, dass die Bezahlung sofort ausgef&uuml;hrt wird und in vCongress nachvollzogen werden
            kann. Bei PayPal haben Sie die M&ouml;glichkeit, einen schon bestehenden Account zu nutzen, sich einen
            neuen Account anzulegen oder eine Einmalzahlung ohne Anmeldung bei PayPal durchzuf&uuml;hren.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_3_2_de">4.3.2 Bank&uuml;berweisung</h4>
        <p>
            In einigen F&auml;llen ist es auch m&ouml;glich, die Bezahlung per Bank&uuml;berweisung durchzuf&uuml;hren. Die &Uuml;berweisungen
            m&uuml;ssen vom Veranstalter eigenh&auml;ndig &uuml;berpr&uuml;ft werden. Danach muss der Status vom Veranstalter in
            vCongress von "nicht bezahlt" auf "bezahlt" ge&auml;ndert werden. Es kann teilweise mehrere Tage dauern,
            bis der korrekte Status auf Ihrer Statusseite nach dem Einloggen angezeigt wird.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h3 id="manual4_4_de">4.4 Abstract hochladen</h3>
        <p>
            Wenn Sie den Button <span style="text-decoration: underline">Abstract</span> dr&uuml;cken, haben Sie die M&ouml;glichkeit ein Abstract hochzuladen. Da die Einreichung
            eines Abstracts bei jedem Kongress individuell ist, kann keine allgemeing&uuml;ltige Information zu diesem
            Bereich geschrieben werden. Im Folgenden finden Sie Hinweise, wie die Einreichung im Regelfall verl&auml;uft.
            Rechts neben dem Eingabefeld k&ouml;nnen Sie jederzeit Ihren Fortschritt der Abstracteinreichung &uuml;berpr&uuml;fen.
            Korrekt gespeicherte Daten werden mit einem gr&uuml;nen Haken dargestellt. Die Navigation erfolgt &uuml;ber
            die verschiedenen <span style="text-decoration: underline">Reiter</span>, die die Bereiche,
            wie z.B. <span style="text-decoration: underline">Autoren</span>, <span style="text-decoration: underline">Abstract</span>,
            <span style="text-decoration: underline">Titel and Body</span>, etc. enthalten.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_4_1_de">4.4.1 Autoren erstellen</h4>
        <p>
            Mit dem Button <span style="text-decoration: underline">Autor hinzuf&uuml;gen</span> k&ouml;nnen Sie einen oder
            mehrere Autoren hinzuf&uuml;gen. Bitte speichern
            Sie die Daten eines jeden Autors, wenn Sie diesen angelegt haben. Autoren k&ouml;nnen Sie auch jederzeit
            wieder l&ouml;schen. Die Autoren erscheinen auf dem Abstract in der Reihenfolge, wie sie von Ihnen in
            vCongress eingegeben werden.
        </p>
        <p>
            Bitte beachten Sie au&szlig;erdem, dass Autoren nur bei exakt gleichlautenden Instituten auf dem
            finalen Abstract unter einer Nummer zusammengefasst werden.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_4_2_de">4.4.2 Titel und Body</h4>
        <p>
            &Uuml;ber den n&auml;chsten Reiter k&ouml;nnen Sie den Titel und den Text des Abstracts eingeben. Bitte speichern
            Sie die Daten nach der Eingabe. In einigen Reitern k&ouml;nnen die Daten automatisch gespeichert
            werden. Wenn ein gr&uuml;ner Haken in Ihrer Checkliste neben dem Eingabefeld erscheint, sind die
            Daten korrekt gespeichert.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_4_3_de">4.4.3 Weitere Reiter</h4>
        <p>
            Es kann sein, dass es noch weitere Reiter gibt, in denen zus&auml;tzliche Informationen enthalten sind, wie z.B.
            Auswahl einer Session, Auswahl ob man als Poster oder als Talk einreicht, Angabe von
            Referenzen oder Bildern bzw. Tabellen, Auswahl von Schlagw&ouml;rtern die zu den Abstracts
            gespeichert werden sollen usw. Diese Angaben sind individuell vom Veranstalter vorgegeben.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>
        <br/><br/>
        <h4 id="manual4_4_4_de">4.4.4 Abstract einreichen</h4>
        <p>
            Nachdem Sie alle Angaben korrekt eingegeben und auf Richtigkeit &uuml;berpr&uuml;ft
            haben (Sie k&ouml;nnen sich ein PDF des Abstracts ausdrucken), k&ouml;nnen Sie das Abstract
            einreichen ("submitten"). Danach sind keinen &Auml;nderungen am Abstract mehr m&ouml;glich. Bitte
            beachten Sie, dass das Abstract eingereicht sein muss, damit es f&uuml;r die Veranstalter und
            Reviewer sichtbar wird. Wenn es nicht "submittet" ist, gilt es als nicht eingereicht und
            wird im Kongress nicht ber&uuml;cksichtigt. Den Status Ihres Abstracts k&ouml;nnen Sie unter dem
            Button <span style="text-decoration: underline">Abstract</span> einsehen.
            <br/><a href="#top_manual_de">zur&uuml;ck zum Inhaltsverzeichnis</a>
        </p>

        <br/><br/><br/>
        <p>
            F&uuml;r weitere Fragen stehen wir Ihnen gerne zur Verf&uuml;gung
        </p>
        <p>
            Ihr vCongress-Team
        </p>
    </div>
</h:panelGroup>

</h:body>
</html>